Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You're late.
On the beach. Lost
track of time.
You want to take a leaf out of
your stepbrother's book.
Labouring all day and then off
to night classes. Proper grafter.
We can't all be perfect.
Congrats, Dad.
Cheers! Did you see the plans?
Yeah, it'll be good.
Blimey, I hope my clientele's
more enthusiastic.
Don't worry, the Look At My Enormous
Yacht brigade will love it.
I just miss the old days.
A lot's changed since you and
your mother lived here, I know,
but there are good times ahead,
trust me.
Here, take these.
Been trying to do DIY again?
Cheeky cow!
Here you go.
To the West Country Pub of the Year!
Cheers!
This award's just the start.
I've got a surprise
for the reopening
that'll get the punters
flocking from all over.
I'm so proud of you, gorgeous!
Mmmmm!
Put him down, Mum!
Don't you worry,
you're still my special little man.
Hm. So, come on,
how are we celebrating?
I vote we keep it simple.
Quiz night at the Black Dog.
Hey, Roz! Where've you been hiding?
I've been busy with work. Ah!
Ah! I hear you've been fraternising
with the enemy.
You want to watch yourself, Brian,
working for Tam. Can't be trusted.
The way business is,
builders can't be choosers.
And it's a high-profile job for us,
what with the award...
Sorry. If The Captain's Pipe
is the best pub in the West Country,
I'm Harry Styles!
You and Tam still not kissed
and made up, then?
No. Not even until hell
freezes over.
Love what you've done
with the place, Mick!
Those damp patches on the walls
give it that authentic
spit 'n' sawdust feel!
What you doing here, Tam?
Can't I drop in on an old friend?
You ain't got no friends here.
Charming! You heard about the award?
I don't like to rest on my laurels,
so I thought we'd come
and check out the competition.
If you can call it that. You can't!
This is a proper pub, unlike
your overpriced gastro garbage.
Ha-ha! Fierce one, isn't she?
You keep talking,
you'll see how fierce.
How'd you pull a woman like her when
you can't even pull a proper pint?
By not being a two-faced,
perma-tanned Judas like you.
Now, get out my pub! So much for the
Black Dog's legendary warm welcome(!)
Want a warm welcome from my fist?
Maybe we should go somewhere else.
Listen to your wife, Tam. Turns out
she's got a brain under all that hair.
Don't you talk to Claire like that.
Just cos you chose
the wrong landlord!
Right, that's it! Get out of my pub!
Calm down, mate! I'm not your mate.
And if you come around here again,
I will smash your head in! Out!
I didn't see you,
you didn't see me, right? Deal.
Morning!
OK, I accidentally fell asleep
on Freya's sofa.
It wasn't my fault.
You're grounded!
Go upstairs, get some sleep and...
But... We'll talk about this later!
Where've you been?
None of your business.
Davey.
Any ID?
They're still digging him out now.
Coastguard called
a couple of hours ago.
Maybe he went for an early-morning
walk, or something.
Can't have been that early. There's
no access to this cove at high tide.
I go surfing all around this coast.
All right, I'll check
the tide times.
At the moment, to get here by foot,
you need to be here before midnight
or after 6:00am, give or take.
I knew you were useful
for something.
Maybe he came by boat.
So, where's the boat?
And if he did get here by boat,
he'd have to swim the last bit.
You see, these rocks, they form
a barrier all around this cove.
Kerry Bliss tried to catch
a wave through them once
and broke her boogie
in three places.
Sounds painful.
Well, the body's too high up
the water line to have washed up.
Something's not right.
Pretty unlucky dude
to be stood underneath a rock fall.
Unlucky's one thing. This whole area
should've been cordoned off.
There's construction work going on
on the pub up on the cliff top.
You're thinking
that's what caused the collapse?
Maybe.
Hence your invitation to the party.
Here's me thinking it's for
my scintillating conversation(!)
We have to prove negligence
for corporate manslaughter.
I'll talk to the owner.
Sarge? Yeah.
I'll go and check those tide times.
Come on, lets have a look.
I don't think the owner's
going to be much help.
I hope you don't mind my colleague,
Jane Kennedy, sitting in.
She's working with us to ascertain
the cause of death. Cause of death?
I thought you said he was buried
under a load of rubble?
Sorry, Mum.
As far as we're aware,
this was a tragic accident,
but we would like to know
if anything triggered the rock fall
and why Tam was on the cove.
So, when was the last time
you saw him?
After the pub.
We walked Lucy to a friend's house.
Lucy, she's your stepsister,
is that right?
Yeah, that's right.
It's Tam's daughter.
And then we came back here.
Tam insisted that we open up
another bottle.
We were up until about 1:00.
And when did you realise
he'd gone missing?
I heard him on the stairs
around 3:00.
He often doesn't sleep well.
Sometimes, he'll go down the bar
to watch telly.
Sorry, 3:00, are you sure?
I checked my phone.
Er... I must've nodded off.
Then I heard a sound, like thunder.
Yeah, I heard it, too.
I guess that was the rock fall.
All right. And then?
Woke up again around 6:00.
Only Tam wasn't back in bed,
so I went downstairs.
But he wasn't there either.
It's all right. Take your time.
We'd only been married a few months.
I know people think I'm some
gold-digger, but I loved him so much!
And when I heard the sirens
and saw you lot on the cove,
I just knew!
Right, I-I think that's us for now.
I'll show you guys out. All right.
OK. Thank you.
Who's doing the extension?
Teddern Construction.
Brian Teddern?
Isn't he going out with...?
Roz and Tam divorced
a long time ago. It's all amicable.
I've been working for Brian
as a labourer.
I'm hoping to build houses of my own
one day. It's all good experience.
Yeah. Any problems onsite? No, none.
Did you get on with Tam? The
stepparent thing isn't always easy.
My real dad scarpered when my mum
was still pregnant.
She was amazing, but it was tough.
The past couple of years, it's been
like I had a proper family, you know.
Oh. One sec.
Bit cosy, getting your ex-wife's
new man to renovate your pub.
Modern families for you, isn't it?
Claire and Scott seem close.
Close or not,
they're either mistaken or lying.
Because if they were together
until 1:00, there's no way.
Tam could've made it to the cove before
the rock fall because of the tide times.
Oh, hello there. This is my
colleague, Jane Kennedy, she's...
Yeah, I know who she is,
Judith's girl.
Let me save you the trouble.
As operations manager, I guarantee
there's no heavy machinery onsite.
Ground disturbance was minimal.
None of us would've been here
when the cliff collapsed.
Jane's just trying to establish...
Whether it was our fault.
Well, it wasn't.
It's still our job to inform
the Health and Safety Executive.
I'll need your risk assessments
and details of any work
undertaken to date.
Paperwork's back at the office.
I'll send it over ASAP.
Great. Thank you.
Look, no-one's here to accuse you
of anything, but a man has died.
I know. He was my dad!
Come on.
Clint. Hi, Jane. Coastguard says rock
falls along this stretch are unusual,
but not unheard of.
Oh, and he confirmed there's only
access to the cove at low tide.
OK. Can you go to the
council planning department?
Get copies of everything they have
on the building application
and then talk to HSE
about Teddern Construction.
See if there's any history of
complaints, or safety problems.
Yeah, yeah, OK.
Great. I'll talk to you later.
Cheers. Bye.
What do you think?
Have they been cutting corners?
Maybe.
Roz seemed pretty confrontational.
Well, you can have that effect
on people.
Excuse me! Ow!
Here you go, love.
To think they used to be
best friends. Who?
Mick and Tam. Really? What happened?
You know men.
Always a woman involved.
Where was Mick last night? Nowhere.
What do you mean?
No, nothing. I just...
Oh, I must've got my wires crossed.
Hey!
Guess what we found up on the cove?
Er... a treasure chest? No.
Giant turtle?
No. A tunnel, or so we think.
The lads found the entrance while
they were digging out Tam's body.
Where does it lead? Don't know yet,
they're still clearing the rocks.
But I have heard talk there was
an old smugglers' tunnel up there.
But if you believe folklore,
every coastal town in Devon has one!
True, but how else did Tam
get on the cove?
And why go snooping around in
tunnels unless you're up to no good?
So...? So maybe it wasn't
an accident after all.
Well, technically speaking,
we're not supposed to be in here.
No-one's made sure
the tunnel's stable yet.
I'm only having a peek.
Oh! There goes that theory.
It's a dead-end.
No, no, no. That earth's fresh.
So if the tunnel collapsed, that
might have caused the rock fall.
And if Tam was on the cove...
So we need to find out
who else knew about this.
Yeah.
If Tam was up to no good,
it's a police inquiry.
You're telling me to butt out? Yeah.
Fine. But I would like to talk
to Claire again.
Yeah, wait for me.
So, you had no idea it was there?
Tam never mentioned it?
A tunnel? No. I've heard stories,
but I didn't believe them.
Not that I'd want to go in it.
I get claustrophobic in a phone box.
I knocked, but, er...
After how you treated him
last night?!
Look, me and Tam, you know, we...
I don't want you here!
Please! You threw him out of your
pub, now I'm throwing you out of his!
This history, do you...?
Before my time.
These stories, did they ever mention
where the tunnel came out?
It could be anywhere.
Well, assuming the tunnel wasn't
built by Isambard Kingdom Brunel,
it can't be that long.
And as it's been kept secret
all this time,
I reckon the entrance
must be somewhere in the grounds.
Ow! That's lethal!
Yeah.
Tam had a cut on his hand, actually.
All right, let's have a look.
Hey, have a look at this.
Old grille, new padlock.
Yeah. I'll see if there was a key
found with the body
and get all this dusted for prints.
If you got someone to build
on your land,
wouldn't you mention there's
a tunnel running underneath it?
Is that your way of trying
to convince me
this is a corporate-manslaughter
case so I don't send you packing?
Did it work? Hm!
Brings back memories, doesn't it?
Our kingdom. You, me and Tam,
the three musketeers.
Three stooges, more like.
Daft kids jumping into rock pools.
Smoking cigarettes
we stole from my mum, snogging.
You and Tam were the ones
doing the mouth-snorkelling.
What went wrong between you two, eh?
I thought you'd last forever.
Tam was a hopeless romantic.
Reality could never live up
to the dream.
Especially after I got pregnant
with Lucy.
And now?
All good between you and Brian?
Course.
Looks like our secret's out.
Tam applied to buy this strip
of land from the council.
Said he wanted to build it into
a new car-park.
And what's this? Oh, a local
surveyor drew it up for me.
Look, it's a bit of a guesstimate,
but it shows the tunnel's
likely path, based on the
underlying rock formations.
The Captain's Pipe.
And are these the plans for the
building work?
Yeah, so you've got this one on the
left. It's the original footprint
for the conservatory and
this one is the revised plan, see.
Why was it moved?
Doesn't really say, sorry.
What about Brian's safety record?
It's clean.
Ideally, he would've cordoned off
this section of the cove,
but the work wasn't happening right
on the cliff-edge
and it's not a busy stretch.
Just a freak accident. It's one
man, wrong place, wrong time.
Maybe not. Who are you calling?
I want to see what Tam
has to say for himself.
Right, according to the pathologist,
he was probably killed by a single
blunt-trauma injury to the skull.
And it looks like all other
injuries were post mortem.
So Tam was dead before
he was covered by the rock fall?
And the grille was locked
from the outside.
So this is a murder inquiry?
Yes, all right, I'll back off.
I promise.
But just keep me in the loop.
I mean, unless you want to
bounce ideas around.
Did you find Tam's keys?
Yeah, in his jacket pocket.
But we're not allowed down the well until
they declare the tunnel safe, so...
Having said that, though, I've done
a bit of digging of my own.
See what you did there?
Erm, yeah.
Now we couldn't find Tam's
mobile phone,
so we pulled his phone records.
He got a call in the early hours.
Who from?
Unregistered pay-as-you-go.
So someone's phoned him, arranged to
meet him, killed him
and left his body on the cove.
Where he was buried under the
rock fall.
So who else knew about the tunnel?
You know, I think the conservatory
was going to be built over
the tunnel,
but the plans were changed,
so, maybe Tam warned Brian
it was there.
Yeah. Could have just as
easily have been Roz.
Maybe their divorce wasn't as
amicable after all.
Or Claire could have lied when she
said Tam never told her about it.
I mean,
she stands to inherit the pub.
There's someone else you
need to talk to.
He's not going to be happy about it.
This a sick joke?
Mick's done nothing wrong.
I'm sure he hasn't, Judith, but I've
also got witnesses saying that
he threatened to
smash Tam's head in.
He was just mouthing off!
This is ridiculous! Tell him.
He also doesn't have an alibi.
Course he does! He was with me.
Oh, you told him? Cheers.
Told him what?
What was I supposed to do?
Stick up for me. Told him what?
I saw Mick sneaking back into the house in
the early hours of the morning. So did Beth.
Mick? I wasn't sneaking anywhere!
I went for a walk. That's it.
And you think that means
he killed Tam?
No, of course not.
Mick, just come with me
down the station.
Can't we do this here?
No, I've got to do this by the book.
That means you making
a formal statement.
Wait here.
You haven't told anyone, have you?
Course not. And if anyone asks,
you didn't see me. Obviously!
I'm not exactly going to shout it
from the rooftops, am I?
Look. I can't do this any more.
Why not?
I don't need the hassle.
What about what I need?
My dad's dead, Scott!
I know. I'm sorry.
My head's all over the place
at the minute.
Have they figured out what Tam was
doing down there yet?
Dunno, but I just saw them carting
off Mick Sturrock.
Mick? Why?
Must think he was involved.
So where did you go?
I told you. I went for a walk.
Where?
Here and there. Nowhere special.
Anyone see you?
I dunno.
Look, you're not helping yourself
here, Mick! I need details.
I was at Judith's.
I woke up early,
I went for a walk, I came back.
End of.
You sure you don't want a solicitor?
I don't need one.
Yeah, you do. You do, Mick.
A word of advice -
not as a copper but as a mate.
This is a murder investigation.
You might want to cooperate.
Can I go now?
Sorry. I'm going to have to
place you under arrest.
Nobody answered the door, so...
Oh. How can I help?
I didn't know whether I should
go to the police.
Is this about Tam?
I heard that Mick Sturrock
got taken in.
Well, the thing is... I saw them.
A few days ago. Mick and Tam.
When will it get through that
cider-addled skull of yours
it was a stupid misunderstanding!
Misunderstanding?!
You tried it on with Judith.
You don't do that to a mate!
I was drunk! It was years ago!
And you know what they say,
Mick: takes two to tango.
You watch your mouth.
And anyway, I'm not here about that.
I want my cut. What cut?
The three of us had a deal.
We said that whatever happened,
that tunnel was ours.
Oh, grow up! That's ancient history.
I don't owe you nothing.
You'll regret this.
Mick knew about the tunnel?
I guess so. I didn't really
understand at the time.
But I just thought that someone
should know.
Yeah, thanks. Leave it with me.
Whatever you say. To be honest,
I'd rather not be involved.
Can I have a minute, please?
Here to stick the knife in?
Did you know about the tunnel?
Why? Do you think I killed him?
No, of course not!
Mick, I shouldn't even be here.
I had to convince the custody
sergeant I was family.
So?
Yes, I knew.
It don't prove anything, does it?
Whoever killed Tam used the tunnel.
Plus there's the threat it poses
to the Black Dog,
the additional trade it would
generate for Tam's pub.
That's motive.
If the police found...
Davey can only protect you
for so long.
Oh, is that what he's doing?
You haven't been charged yet, have you? Cos
there's no evidence I've done anything!
Then help me find out what
really happened.
Or do you like it in here?
I saw the notice saying Tam wanted
the land to extend his car park.
From the moment he bought that pub
and changed the name,
I knew it'd come to this.
Come to what?
He wants to turn our tunnel
into a tourist attraction!
YOUR tunnel?
As kids, Tam, Roz and I were close.
You know, real close.
One day, messing around in the cove,
we discovered the tunnel.
You didn't tell anyone?
Would you? Three teenagers,
got their own private cove.
High-tide, we'd nip across the wall
from the pub,
go down there and it was all ours.
No-one else's.
No-one knew we were there
or what we were up to.
You kept it a secret all this time?
Yeah, and over the years,
we kept it a secret,
even when Tam and Roz split up.
You know, making sure the
entrance was covered up.
And then Tam and I had our
falling out.
What was that about?
Years ago, I...
I told him I liked your mum.
I REALLY liked her.
This was before
he started going out with Claire.
And what did he do?
Went straight over there
and tried it on with Judith.
Unsuccessfully, I might add!
But he and I -
we've barely spoke since then.
Where were you this morning?
Did you go and see Tam?
I can't tell you that. Aw, Mick!
Look, I know we've had our
differences,
but Mum's never been so happy,
and that is down to you.
I want to help you.
OK, I went to see a supplier.
Things have been a bit tricky
recently thanks to Tam's place
and I got offered some cheap booze.
And I didn't want to do it,
but seeing that smug grin on him...
Fell off the back of a ferry?
What's so funny?
Everyone knows you do dodgy deals.
Davey's turned a blind eye before.
It's different. These aren't the
people I normally do business with.
They're a gang.
Really nasty pieces of work.
If they found out that I'd been
blabbing to the cops, well...
they wouldn't be happy.
I see. And then when I let slip who
I was doing the business with,
Judith told me to back out.
And if she thinks I'd... gone
back...
Oh, come on, Mick. She'll understand. So
will Davey, if you give him a chance.
If I tell Davey,
it has to go on record.
I will lose my licence.
The Black Dog is my life.
That and your mum.
I'm scared I'd lose her.
You'd sooner be charged with murder?
I don't know what choice I got.
Brian's already e-mailed the
paperwork.
Actually, I wanted to talk to you
about Tam.
It wasn't an accident.
Is it true you knew about
the tunnel?
You've been talking to Mick?
Yeah, I knew.
And what about Brian?
Did you tell him?
No.
Even though he was building on
the cliff above it?
Why do you think I got Tam to move
the conservatory
to the other side of the pub?
And for your information,
I was at home all night with Brian
and our Lucy was at a party.
Oh. Bad time?
No, it's fine. We're done.
I kept getting your machine.
I wanted to make sure Brian will be
back on-site in the morning.
I thought... We were planning to
take a couple of days off.
Out of respect.
Tam would've wanted his pub finished
and reopened for business.
We'll see you tomorrow.
Why is Da...
Look what you've done!
I've got a DCI breathing
down my neck.
He's got wind that Mick's not
exactly a stranger.
So now they're ransacking my house!
This is where he was last night
Judith. I've got no choice, love!
Well, you won't find anything,
so you might as well bog off.
And don't think of stepping into the
Black Dog, cos you're barred!
Mum, you can't bar him.
I'm in the Black Dog darts team!
You step one foot in Mick's pub and
I'll throw darts at you!
I need to tell you something.
But you've got to promise me you'll
keep this to yourself for now.
All right. What is it?
Mick knew about the tunnel.
Sarge.
Yeah?
Two seconds.
Mum... Don't!
It's your fault Mick's in trouble!
I'm trying to get him out of
trouble, but I need you
to calm down and help me.
How can I calm down when
he's locked up?!
Mum, you've known Tam for years.
Can you think of anyone who
would wish him harm?
I dunno.
Have you spoken to his daughter?
Lucy? I thought they got on.
They did, but I've seen the people
she hangs out with.
If she got into trouble and
Tam got involved...
He'd do anything to protect her.
She was at a party all night.
Lucy?
Not all night.
Well, she was at Freya's, but she
left early to meet some bloke.
What time?
Don't know. About two?
Found this in the bins outside.
It's Tam's.
I can't get hold of your mother.
Let her know what's going on,
and tell her I'm OK.
'Yeah. Of course.'
Listen, Mick, how did Tam's phone
end up in Mum's bin?
I've never touched his phone.
My prints on it? No.
So then why was it in Mum's bin?
I'm being set up!
Then tell Davey the truth.
What, and risk losing your mum
and my pub?
I need you to prove it wasn't me.
Look, I'm trying!
Is there anything
you're not telling me?
You still think I'm guilty.
How long have you known me?
I believe you.
Why am I not convinced?
You're an idiot, but you're not
that much of an idiot.
So, find out who killed Tam and get
me out of here.
Look, I've got to go.
Hey. Hey.
Custody sergeant's keeping Mick in
while we investigate.
Yeah, I know.
I phoned the station earlier.
What you doing out here?
Hiding from Mum.
You want to go and get
a coffee or something?
Actually, there's...
there's something I need to do.
OK, I'll catch you later then.
So, the night your dad died...
I was at the Black Dog with him,
then I went to Freya Taylor's
house for a party.
It was lame,
but most things are around here.
I was there all night.
All night?
Yeah.
Why?
A witness saw you leaving.
Well, they must've made a mistake.
To meet a man.
You mean Beth?
She weren't exactly compos mentis.
I'm aware she'd had a couple
of drinks.
More than a couple.
That's why she stayed over.
Scared you'd notice.
I was hoping we could talk
off-the-record,
but maybe you should talk
to the police.
All right!
I popped out to see someone -
but only for a bit.
Who?
You can't tell anyone.
Scott.
Your stepbrother, Scott Poole?
Yeah.
Not like that!
Scott's labouring all day, then
he's going to his night classes.
He's too tired to go out,
so now he's miserable
cos he's never seeing his mates.
A friend of mine sells...
You know... Drugs?
Legal highs.
Well, they used to be legal.
Something to perk him up a bit.
I dread to think.
You're not going to tell my mum?
I've told Scott I'm not getting it
for him no more.
Do you know, right now,
my priorities are elsewhere.
But I've seen enough dead
drug addicts to last a lifetime,
so if I even suspect you're dealing,
I will get the police to come down
on you like a tonne of bricks.
Is that clear?
Surveyor reckons this tunnel's
showing no further signs of stress.
So...
Don't you have specialist teams for
this sort of thing?
Yeah, we do -
if you want to wait all week.
You're the one who wanted to be kept
in the loop.
Or are you scared?
Any intelligent woman would hesitate
before climbing into
a confined space with you.
Beats going home and facing Mum.
I think.
In that case, ladies first.
You're so kind.
Why are people so obsessed with
secret tunnels anyway?
Must be something kind of Freudian
about the whole thing.
It's like... Sh!
I just meant... No, no, shush!
I think I heard something.
No, maybe not.
Rat!
Idiot!
Whose idea was this anyway?
What do you think you're doing?
We're already behind schedule!
The police have told us to
stop work.
Why?
They're searching the tunnel.
All right, just mind your
step there.
You all right?
Yeah. You just seem a bit quiet.
You got something on your mind?
Come on, I know you.
Spill.
Nothing.
Hey, look!
That's a footprint.
If the surveyors marked that out,
that means that's not one of theirs.
Tam's?
No, he was wearing trainers
when they found him.
That is a boot print.
And a big one, too, by the look
of it.
It wasn't Mick.
End of the line.
Smells like fireworks.
Yeah.
Hey, you don't think...?
Oh, hello.
Fuse wire.
The tunnel didn't collapse
by itself.
It would've taken someone with
expertise,
access to the right materials.
I didn't know the tunnel existed.
Why would I blow it up?!
Cover your tracks.
But it didn't work.
We found a footprint, so, I'm going
to need to examine your work-boots.
I'm not taking the blame for this.
Not after what she did.
By she, you mean?
Roz.
I heard her sneaking out of the
house during the night.
I was worried. She's not been
herself so I followed her.
To the pub?
I saw her climb down into the well.
I had to know what was going on.
You!
Why?
It was a mistake.
I'm sorry.
Look, I love you!
What're you going to do?
It's OK.
You don't need to say anything else.
In fact, we're never going to talk
about this again.
Agreed?
Go home. I'll sort this.
Everything's going to be all right.
So, you blew the tunnel to
cover for her?
With the tunnel sealed off, people'd
think the body washed up there.
Nobody'd link it back to Roz.
Only I didn't count on the rock
fall.
So what was she doing there with Tam
in the first place?
I think we can all take
a stab in the dark.
So you covered for her,
even though she was cheating on you?
I love her.
Not like Tam. He snapped his
fingers and women came running.
I guess she tried to end it, they
argued, he slipped, fell, I dunno.
Hard to be jealous of a dead man.
Where's Roz now?
She went upstairs for a lie down.
Said she wasn't feeling well.
Don't forget your toothbrush.
Your old boyfriend caught you
red-handed!
He's lying!
Hidden in a book in your
bedside table.
Fits a padlock to the tunnel
entrance -
a padlock with your fingerprints
on it.
And we also found this.
It matches the call that you
made to Tam's mobile.
You'd arranged to meet him.
Yes.
Why? Because...
When I walked out on Tam,
I meant it.
I hated him.
Working together behind that bar
all day, all night. I mean, it got
to the point when just the silliest
little thing annoyed each other.
But recently...
..seeing each other every day,
it was...
..it was like we were kids again.
Couldn't keep our eyes off
each other.
Tam was planning to divorce Claire.
Then, when that was sorted, I was
going to move back into the pub.
Only Brian killed him before
we had the chance.
Brian killed him?
Well, he must. He must've found
out about the affair.
Did you see him?
No, but he must have. He was there.
Then why didn't you call the police?
Because I was scared!
Brian freaked out when he saw your
lot heading down the tunnel earlier.
I didn't know what he was planning.
Right, so you're saying that Brian
killed Tam and
he's saying that you did it.
So, who do I believe?
And if you're planning a romantic
liaison, why choose the cove?
Not exactly convenient, is it?
Or comfortable.
It's where we fell in love.
The first time.
On my 18th,
Tam promised that one day he'd
buy me that pub on the clifftop,
so we could have that view forever.
I thought he was joking.
Try to leave everything where
you found it.
I will, of course.
Hey. Got your message.
Have you told
Claire about the affair?
No.
I want evidence that Roz is
telling the truth first.
The lads have picked up Brian,
but he's sticking to his story.
Not exactly the happy ending Tam and
Roz were hoping for.
You know what they say about
relationships.
You can never really go back,
can you?
You know, they're both assuming that
the other one did it,
but what if it was someone else?
Like who?
Well, maybe Tam told Claire
he was divorcing her and
she didn't take it very well?
Claire's got a history of
panic attacks brought on
by claustrophobia.
So, even if she wanted Tam dead,
she wouldn't have followed him down
the tunnel.
Lie on the bed.
Well, I'm very flattered, but...
Lie on the bed!
Seriously?
Hear that?
Er, yeah.
And that?
Yeah, same.
Claire said she heard Tam's
footsteps on the stairs
at three, but, according to Roz,
Tam would've been dead already.
Well, maybe she got the time wrong.
Or it wasn't him leaving.
It was someone else coming back.
But there was only one other
person in the pub.
All by yourself?
Yeah. The rest of the lads have
packed up till they know
what's happening with Roz and Brian.
Oh, right, so you're just taking
the initiative, huh?
Looking out for your mum?
I mean, after all,
all this is hers now, right?
Sorry, what...
You found out about the affair,
didn't you?
Between your stepfather and
his ex-wife.
You were coming home from buying
your little pick-me-up
when you saw Tam sneaking down
the tunnel.
You knew what he was up to...
You've lost me.
We found a footprint.
We thought it might be Brian's, but
his feet are the wrong size.
Yours, however? Perfect fit.
You went to my mum's house to
plant the phone.
Keep the police focused on Mick.
Wow, you must really love
your mother.
Scott Poole, I'm arresting you on
suspicion of the murder
of Tam Bryant. You do...
Davey! Agh, agh.
Yeah, get him.
Whoa! Whoa!
Down! Put it down!
Put that down!
You don't want to hurt anyone.
It was his fault!
What did he do?
My father treated my mum like dirt.
It took her years to get over him,
to trust someone again.
I thought that Tam was different,
but he wasn't.
When I saw him and Roz...
All right, you were angry?
I just wanted to tell him what
a mistake he was making.
What are you doing down here?
How could you do this?
Do what? You swore to me
that you would never hurt her.
You've got this all wrong.
Don't touch me. I saw you!
If you say a word to your mother...
It just happened.
Back off! Scott, you don't want to
do this.
I said stay back!
You're not thinking clearly.
This is the pills.
Scott?
Stay back!
Get off me!
No! Get off!
Scott Poole, I'm arresting you on
suspicion of the murder
of Tam Bryant.
If it's more of that slop,
I'm not interested.
How about a pint then?
Look, Davey, you were right.
I did have something on my mind.
Mick asked me to keep a secret
and... It's fine.
No, I don't want you to
think that I...
Listen, I don't... I trust you.
It's fine. Really?
Yeah. We're good?
We're good.
Ah, Mick.
Only kind of bars you want
to be behind, eh?
Listen, mate, I'm sorry about,
you know...
Oh, yeah. You were only doing
your jobs.
What'll it be?
Oh, well, I can't actually.
Annette...
On the house.
Go on, then, I'll have a pint.
I'll have a white wine, please.
Er, since we're doling out the
forgiveness, can I be off the hook?
Er, when I've decided you're truly
sorry for staying out
all night without permission.
Hey, I remember you sneaking out
once or twice.
Davey!
First, that's gross. And second,
you are such a hypocrite!
Right, yeah. Well, clear those away
and we'll call it quits.
I said you're barred!
I told him... And as for you...
Look, Mum, I'm sorry...
While this lump had his feet up
in that cell,
I had to pull a triple-shift!
Well, never mind all that,
how about my plan about winning next
year's Best West Country Pub of the Year...
Quizaoke?
Teams answer trivia questions and
get points by singing
their favourite songs!
Great! Love it!
Sure.
Yeah!
Right, well...
To Tam,
the shameless old heller.
Every man needs a good enemy.
Tam! Tam! Tam!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org